nice knowing your named equal to us by
phone 2010 was in different important
order one
so yes when that's right you know dogs
they haven't got all your names yet so
why don't you just give me the name
normally go by first name middle name
dictators have known to go but not so
much
sometimes this everybody here first you
are Lisa next meets about this man okay
Garrett LeAnn right here push you for
how much ten speech as well okay I
absolutely agree on
and finally I think you know we can
carry on you and by the way it's the
deal now if I make mistake
I'm a people person she's gonna be on
the others
any other question any other questions
or comments of course you guys are the
important people like to be comfortable
and if your
because I know that a lot of the wires
one message that do the speakers going
on there yes what did you get a crew
down there at least want to hear one
please dismiss anybody not so down three
these two guys weren't really coverage
when I just goes away really the
interesting thing is that from time to
time when I'll be talking about is when
you hear me to talk about is it does not
need to disturb you my talking to the
audience didn't help you to relax more
and it can help remove even demon doses
and then I think the moves have